## Shepherd High School
_Saturday, December 18, 2016_

News from the [Shepherd High School](https://www.facebook.com/sms.shepherdmi/).



### SHS Thanks Maynard Nartker family for Donations to Wood Shop program

Shepherd Public Schools would like to express the appreciation to the Maynard Nartker family for donating their generous donation to the Wood Shop program. The gift will allow us to purchase some new equipment and/or allow the school to sponsor a student with additional funds for an elaborate project. The generous gift is greatly appreciated.

### SHS High School Announcements

Announcement Friday, December 16th:
Shepherd 9th grade basketball won 41-34 against Bullock Creek. Logan Buckner played a critical role on defense. Joey Lynch had 17 points in the winning effort. Sawyer Travis chipped in 11 including critical free throws in the last 4 minutes. Matt Smith had 7 points. It was an outstanding team win. We take on Chesaning on the road next Monday at 4:30 pm.
The JV boys basketball team lost a hard fought battle to Bullock Creek by the score of 46-54. Kyle Bendele led the way with 16 points and Mason Iserhoth closely followed with 14. Next game is Monday, Dec. 19th at Chesaning.
Peer to peer mentors we are meeting today at lunch. Bring your lunch to Mrs. Prout's room.
The food drive ends today Today's bonus item is peanut butter, each jar is worth five points. Please bring all food donation to Mr. Halliwill's room. Thanks for helping families in our community.
Send a candy cane to your friends! You can purchase a candy gram at lunch or in before school just outside the office. Candy canes are 25 cents and will be delivered next week.
ATTENTION SENIORS: On December 20th in the Media Center at 11:00 AM., several past graduates have been invited to come talk with you about college life. Past graduates will share their experiences to help you make your future plans. We have college athletes, students in sororities, and students from private and public colleges. Join us and see what past graduates have to say about college!
If you attend Career Tech/Vocational classes at Alma High School's campus, your last day of class will be Tuesday, December 20th. Please remember to make arrangements for transportation to and from Shepherd on Wednesday, if needed.
The Media Center will be closed to students December 20th from 10:30-12:30.
Please remember to bring in your non-perishable food item for our community family.Just place your item in the wrapped box in Mrs. Marsh's room. Remember we need to make our delivery today, December 16.
