---
title: Shepherd Area Historical Society News
layout: chapter
source-id: 1hpn8jriuNEC9-UyOCBi_RDwZ3JvKjesx00Ff9N_qhys
published: true
---
Shepherd Area Historical Society News

Big changes have taken place this past fall as The Little Red Schoolhouse has had all of the windows and doors replaced and the outside of the building has been painted.  The building is ready for tours. Over the next year there will be additional improvements to the inside and the display of artifacts.

The Society held an open house on October 10th 2016 at 6 P.M. in honor of the generous donors and all the people that have helped to bring the project to completion. Everyone was welcome. There were some presentations and after a tour, the group went to the Powerhouse museum for tours and refreshments.  The event was attended by a large group and enjoyed by all.

The picture framing project is continuing and is very near completion.  Bob Wachowski and Bill Daniels are doing an outstanding job on the project.  They have made frames for over 50 class pictures and are now working on the frame work that will house them.

The Shepherd Argus Newspaper microfilming project is under way. Clark Historical Library will be picking up the Shepherd Argus papers from 1960 to 1970 within the next couple of weeks. The newspapers will be picked up in groups of ten year periods. They will be picking up more papers as the donations are received.  We have received donations covering about 25 percent of the $15,000 cost. Additional donations for the Shepherd Argus Newspaper project are welcome and can be sent to the Shepherd Area Historical Society P.O. Box 505, Shepherd, Michigan 48883. 

We welcome any Shepherd Argus Newspapers, Class Pictures, or Yearbooks.

Group and private tours can be scheduled by appointment. For more information, contact Larry Noyes at 989-828-5319. 

Check us out at our website: www.shepherdareahistoricalsociety.org  

[Edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hpn8jriuNEC9-UyOCBi_RDwZ3JvKjesx00Ff9N_qhys/edit?usp=sharing)

