---
ID: 119
post_title: ""
author: Jon Morgan
post_date: 2016-09-17 01:19:13
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: 'http://www.shepherdhistory.org?p=119&preview=true&preview_id=119'
published: false
post_views_count:
  - ""
title:
  - 58 Revision V1
date:
  - 2016-09-17 00:00:00 Z
categories:
  - Uncategorized
1:
  - Uncategorized
2:
  - "'"
3:
  - 's:36:"a:1:{i:0;s:18:"a:1:{i:0;s:1:"8";}";}";'
wide_assets:
  - ""
tags: [ ]
---
#BACK TO SCHOOL CURRICULUM NIGHT with COMPUTER PICK-UP and DINNER (Followed by Varsity Football)
<p class="c6 c8"><em>From the <a class="c7" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/shepherdmihs/posts/501041053424318&amp;sa=D&amp;ust=1470959537374000&amp;usg=AFQjCNFsPFMnYnfDGGMOnGiomscFTPHumA">Shepherd High School</a></em></p>

MARK YOUR CALENDARS

On Thursday, August 25th, 2016, Shepherd High School invites all parents and students to our Back to School Night. The event will begin in the Cafeteria and conclude in the Media Center. We will have short presentations on the hour in regards to some curricular updates along with some important news about the One to One computer initiative.

We ask that students and parents show up during your designated time frame listed below. Students and parents will be able to have a meet and greet with teachers, administration and all other stakeholders.

<ul class="c0 lst-kix_rn0fe8e6di83-0 start">
    <li class="c6 c9 c5">4:00 - 5:00 pm——11th &amp; 12th grade students w/ parent or guardian</li>
    <li class="c6 c5 c9">5:00 – 6:00 pm—-9th &amp; 10th grade students w/ parent or guardian</li>
</ul>

On this evening, students will receive their Chromebook computer and their protective bag, if and only if:

<ul class="c0 lst-kix_mxt0i1hv0w9m-0 start">
    <li class="c4 c5">A parent is present to sign the technology usage agreement and pay the $20 technology fee.***</li>
    <li class="c4 c5">Watch the video presentation about the One to One Initiative. This will answer a lot of frequently asked questions.</li>
    <li class="c4 c5">The student must be enrolled at Shepherd High School.</li>
</ul>

We encourage your attendance at this special event. Each student and parent will receive one free hot dog and water after the event. Also, the Shepherd High School student will receive one ticket to the Varsity Football game beginning at 7pm vs. Gladwin.

If you are unable to attend, then the student will not receive their Chromebook until a parent signs off on the Technology Usage agreement and makes payment to the Technology department in the High School Media Center. Much more information to follow in the near future.